---
published: true
layout: post
title: A Name
---

Almost 2 weeks later and so far the challenge to do an update a day (even if they were only 5-10 minute sessions) is still on! Earlier this week I decided on a tentative title, **Soulless Many**. As with many things I've added so far (such as sfx, animation, and sprites) I won't set it in concrete, I'll let it sit there and see how I feel after weeks of staring at it...

Today marked a major change in direction for me as well. Originally the game was going to use Photon Unity Networking (PUN) as a base for the networking aspect. However Unity 5.1 came out with a major update to the Unity networking, as such I decided to undertake rewriting the game to utilise it. This has meant that I now have a branch that I'm doing this on to preserve the original (and working) version. Hopefully this will mean that I'll be able to compile to WebGL version as using PUN resulted in compiler errors when trying to make this version.

Other notable updates include:
- Solving the lighting issue, for now I'll be using built-in unity lighting with diffuse shaders on the sprites. I now have a torch with a VERY basic flicker.
- Basic HUD
- Player experience
- Basic character stats

I've decided to have some very basic stats for the game, STR, INT, DEX, WIS, STA, which you see in most RPG's. The different classes will have different starting stats as well as stat gains, however the major difference across classes will be how these stats affect various player attributes such as health, defense, damage etc. To go with the stats, the player will have stat helpers such as health per stamina, these will also differ across classes, hopefully this will allow a bit of balance and avoid stacking of a particular stat to have priority over another for all classes.



